hello and welcome to trailer-trash I'm
amber - I'm lucky and today we are
reviewing the trailer for the new AARP
comedy Last Vegas logo I got news I'm
getting married tell us she's making a
huge mistake
welcome to Las Vegas that we're all here
to get in trouble
what is this hangover 12 Douglas De Niro
breathing why are they tarnishing their
legacies with this turd burger and sexy
Kevin Klein does some of his finest
acting work since 1999's Lipitor town
lipitor Celt see lucky kevin klein is
using a classic action technique old man
voice excuse me young lady but your
boobies are in my soup yeah as far as I
can tell this movie is all about old men
young boobies and soup I feel like I'm
just watching a really long cialis
commercial remember if you experience an
erection in a bathtub in a field for
longer than four hours see this movie
twice this is going to be sloppy weekend
well I for one am counting on Morgan
Freeman aka God I'm God to bring a
little dignity to this movie while you
read bolivars was estranged I feel like
I'm getting drunk and electrocuted at
the same time I probably should get up
and dance but I'm used to having a
partner once and doesn't seem to matter
to that fella maybe I'll give it a shot
no not maybe now oh no now God is both
really sloppy drunk and totally wired
there's nothing sacred I'm gonna come
down and see you because your life
doesn't have a lot of meaning but that's
what it's about - so you're gonna roll
me wrong me and all your neighbors are
gonna think you're crazy and you'll be
in a board meeting and your beard will
come back but you just shaved it and
then you're gonna have to build an ark
and your son's gonna help which is gonna
strengthen your
bishop and your wife's gonna leave you
and you're gonna be on the news and you
your wife and your kids are gonna be
having pizza when they see you on the
news and your wife will get a soft spot
again and then they're coming back
you sure see how where you do it and
everybody's gonna know that you were
right because you had animals in that
boat right every time waiting every -
how many trailer hitches
you give Last Vegas I get it it was
brilliant by the way thank you 68
because that is the minimum age you need
to be to enjoy this over-the-hill piece
of shit lucky I am going to give it 7
enlarged prostates 3 more enlarged
prostates than I currently have all owed
somebody a favor
that's why high fructose corn syrup can
be used in coffee on kids pancakes lazy
Sundays that lasts well into Thursday
a rusty trombone
hey there Joe I'm Jeff that's Joe hey
Jeff today's recipe is especially toxic
and I strongly advise against it
the person who handed you your degree at
graduation cannot get the blood off his
hands